refactor: replace verb renovating with plain English (#23408)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

> !!! warning

Reviewer: `'Restarting repository job after automerge result'`

    Storing the Renovate configuration in a `package.json` file is deprecated and support may be removed in the future.

> When Renovate updates a repository, it tries to find the configuration files in the order listed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Renovate runs on a repository, it tries to find the configuration files in the order listed above.
```
